A case or Hopefully you were able to make an attempt at this question.
So the challenge was which film had the most screenings in October 2017.
So obviously we want to look at the screenings table.
So first let's just select star from screenings and if we run this query you can see we have an I.D.
a film I.D. a room I.D. and a start time.
So to get the film with the most screenings we're actually going to have to do a count on the film Id
So let's count the film I.D.
and run that query
and you can see hasn group data by film.
So has just returned the number of rows in the screening table.
So we're going to have to do a group by so let's tie group by film ID.
So hopefully now we'll get more than one row returned and you can see as returns multiple rows of data
so each one of these numbers is the number of screenings for each film.
So this doesn't really tell us which film has the most screenings.
So for that we're going to have to get the film name from the film table.
So we're going to have to do a join between the screenings table and the films table.
So let's select f doll name.
So this is going to be the Name column from the films table and then we're going to do a count on the
screenings top film ID column from screenings and then we're going to do a join on the films tables
that join films F on f id.
So the ID field in the film table which is equal to the film Id call him in the screenings table.
So now we run this let's see what we get.
You can see it returns to film name and the number of screenings in October 2017.
So this is if you were able to get an answer like this then thats correct.
We can go even further so we can type as sharings.
So rather than the column being returned as Count estop from Id say as sharings.
So the number of sharings.
So if we run this you can see now the column is named showings and we can do an order by
sharings and lets say desk because we want it from highest to lowest.
And now you can see the first answer is Dunkirk which are 25 showings Blade Runner 24.
So we can see that the film with the most screenings in October 2007 Ting's Dunkirk and then just to
take this one step further so that the query only returns the film with the most screenings we can say
limit 1.
So now if we run this oh you can see that actually jigsaw had the most screenings.
We have 26.
So obviously it didn't just sort of show up in the last query because I needed to scroll up in their
results basically.
So jigsaw is the answer and it had 26 showings in October 2017.
Remember all our data is only in October 2017.
So we don't have to do anything to do with dates.
So this is the solution always one solution to this challenge.
If you've got a different solution then please post it in the Q&A section and I'll take a look.
But if you are able to run a query which returned jigsaw and 26 showings or 26 screenings then that's
perfectly good.
So let's move on to the next challenge.